[Topic Description]
    
    This file contains writings and information about George Brown College.

[Development of Courses and Programs]

    When it comes to developing and teaching online courses related around IT, George Brown College seems to be in a bit of an ideation phase.

    Instructors today, will talk about ideas for developments and changes the courses will experience tomorrow. 
    On one hand, that does give me, a student, a positive feeling that I'm studying under the roof of a more progressive/forward-thinking institution.
    On the other hand, it means I'm learning about these interesting new developments that won't have reached fruition until after I've already graduated.
    The one "saving grace" regarding this for me is that I'm considering taking one of the post-grad specialized programs. 


[Post-graduate Tech Programs]

    These post-grad programs have titles like "Applied A.I Solutions Development", or "Information Systems Business Analysis", or the likely ever-popular "Cyber Security Program".
    The one potential downside for me in taking one of those programs, is that none of them are catered toward fully-online students.
    However, I think it should be possible to-- if I develop a positive enough rapport with the instructors of the courses-- figure out some arrangement that might involve me doing the classes/studying online,
        but showing up in-person for major assessments i.e. midterms/exams.


[Experience as an Online Student]

	This is where things get a little iffy. First and foremost, it's challenging to really get to know people
	and socialize. There's discord, and that's mainly it. On Discord, a lot of people are not particularily
	open about who they are, partly for another issue: Cheating and laziness. There just isn't a way to have
	a standard 'exam-room' style test for online students to complete without lots of manpower involved in
	trying to proctor and watch each student. You'd need to essentially treat it like the way Cisco treats
	the online versions of its certification exams, which is very tricky. While tools like Lockdown browser
	exist, they can't exactly lock down a person's other laptop, their phone, etc. Any one-on-one way of 
	examining people is just too time-intensive considering a class could have well over a hundred students,
	and what's to prevent student 5 from sharing what the 1-on-1 assessment was about to students 6-100? 
